📖 book: update Kubernetes bump documentation according to the new policy (#8189)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/kubernetes_bump.md

  * Prior art: #7156
  * bump `InitWithKubernetesVersion` in `clusterctl_upgrade_test.go`
* [ ] Job configurations:

>   * Note: The jobs are adjusted to have test coverage according to our [support policy](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/versions.html#supported-kubernetes-versions).

Reviewer: should this be:
```suggestion
  Ensure the jobs are adjusted to provide test coverage according to our [support policy](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/versions.html#supported-kubernetes-versions):
```
So it is slightly clear what/why the task is about.

Author: Good idea. I moved it also up one level
